Your mother has come to visit you.
This is my own tofu brain.
And your favorite pickle.
Where's your house?
I put it down for you.
Why are you here?
Didn't you receive the letter I wrote you?
I see it.
Something as big as marriage.
How could you not come?
Not Mom.
Van Hieu
Van Hieu, who's here?
No one is a bad beggar.
I'll fire him.
You're waiting for me inside.
I'll be right back.
What?
Mom, what's going on?
The smelly beggar
It's disgusting.
Why don't you let me in?
They say I'm a beggar.
What do you mean?
Mom, I'll take you home first.
Can I explain it to you then?
I'm not going, you explain it to me clearly.
Mom, I use the excuse of suffering.
What could be the reason you don't even recognize you as a mother?
Did I in your heart shame you so much?
Mom, it's all the baby's fault.
You've worked hard to raise your children.
Let children learn
Reduce your life expectancy by 20 years to change your life.
I'm useless.
The baby couldn't stand the city of Kyoto.
They're all useless children.
They're useless children.
Van Hieu, wake up.
Something to say for good.
I'm not angry anymore.
You tell your mother
What's going on?
Mom, it's very unpleasant in my heart.
Mom, I didn't mean to say that.
The child initially wanted to be a human.
Then the beautiful scenery welcomes you to the city to enjoy.
This world is hard.
The baby couldn't do it.
I didn't mean to hide your identity.
My family is a big family in the city.
Yen Nhi's father was a powerful general.
If they know your existence.
They definitely won't let Yen Nhi marry me.
Mom, can you understand me?
So what did you tell the family?
Still say
Say what?
The baby is
Both my parents are dead.
It's an orphan.